Add "Link backend events to session replays" to SDK docs (#15393)
PostHog/posthog.com: contents/docs/_snippets/identify-backend-callout.mdx

> > **Identifying users is required.** Backend events need a `distinct_id` that matches the ID your frontend uses when calling `posthog.identify()`. Without this, backend events are orphaned — they can't be linked to frontend event captures, [session replays](/docs/session-replay), [LLM traces](/docs/ai-engineering), or [error tracking](/docs/error-tracking).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
> **[Identifying](https://posthog.com/docs/product-analytics/identify) users is required.** Backend events need a `distinct_id` that matches your frontend distinct ID, either autogenerated or specified during `identify()`. Without this, backend events are orphaned – they can't be linked to frontend event captures, [session replays](/docs/session-replay), [LLM traces](/docs/ai-engineering), or [error tracking](/docs/error-tracking).
```
